README.md, before:

# Studorlio

Studorlio is a template for your own personal site. You can have yours running on the cloud in exactly 10 seconds. But first, make sure you have a GitHub account. Ready, set, go!

![Display Image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/helfi92/studorlio/master/assets/img/studorlio.png)

## Getting Started
1. Fork the repository to make it yours.
2. Rename the forked repository to `username.github.io`, where `username` is your GitHub username.
3. That's it! Navigate to `username.github.io` to see your website :) 

If this is your first time making a website and is having trouble getting started, that's ok. Head over to the [FAQ](#faq) section and let me try help you.

## Demo
[http://www.hassanali.me/studorlio/](http://www.hassanali.me/studorlio/)

## FAQ
* [How do I fork this repository?](#how-do-i-fork-this-repository)
* [How do I rename the forked repository?](#how-do-i-rename-the-forked-repository)
* [How do I run the portfolio locally?](#how-do-i-run-the-portfolio-locally)

### How do I fork this repository?
1. Make sure you're logged into GitHub with your account
2. Click the Fork button on the upper right-hand side of this page

### How do I rename the forked repository?
1. Navigate to the main page of the repository. It should be `https://github.com/username/studorlio/`, where `username` is your GitHub username
2. Click Settings
3. Under the Repository name heading, type `username.github.io` then click Rename

### How do I run the portfolio locally?
1. Right click (Windows) or double click (Mac) `index.html` and select "Open with"
2. Pick your browser of choice

## Bugs and Issues
Have a bug or an issue with this template? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/helfi92/studorlio/issues)

## License
Code released under the [MIT](https://github.com/helfi92/studorlio/blob/master/LICENSE) license

Commit message:

feat: Establish personal portfolio website by customizing template, refining styling, and removing test file.

README.md, after:

# Partha Sarathi Samal - Professional Portfolio

AI-Driven Quality Engineering Leader · SDET Manager · Inventor · Bestselling Author

## 🌐 Live Site

Visit my portfolio at: **[https://samalpartha.github.io](https://samalpartha.github.io)**

## 👨‍💻 About

This portfolio showcases my professional achievements, patents, publications, speaking engagements, and expertise in AI-Driven Quality Engineering and Software Testing Automation for Digital Media and Streaming.

### Highlights

- **7 patents** in AI/ML/NLP for media and streaming
- **Bestselling author** of *In-Sprint Automation Mastery*
- **PractiTest QA Leader Award** nominee
- **International speaker** at STAREAST, AI4Software, and more
- **Top 50 QA mentor** on ADPList
- **Fellow Member** of International Scientific Society

## 🔗 Connect

- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/partha-sarathi-samal)
- [Topmate](https://topmate.io/parthasarathisamal/page/eKRQLpw5DC)
- [ADPList](https://adplist.org/mentors/partha-samal)
- [Sessionize](https://sessionize.com/partha-samal/)

## 📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

---

© 2024 Partha Sarathi Samal. All rights reserved.
